#. What is the versioning control system?
- A version control system is a software used to record changes to a file or set of files over time

It is a collection of software tools that help a team manage the changes in source code. 
It uses a special database to keep records of every modification to the code. 
Developers can easily compare earlier versions of the code with an older version to fix the issues.

#. What is the use of git?
ANS - Git is a modern and widely used distributed version control system in the world. It is Used to 
manage projects with high speed and efficiency. The version control system allows us to monitor and work 
together with our team members at the same workspace.

#. Stash and unstash area in git
- Sometimes you want to switch the branches, but you are working on an incomplete part of your current
project. You don't want to make a commit of half-done work.So git stashing allows you to do so. The git 
stash command enables you to switch branches without committing the current branch.

# .Concepts of branches in git
- a branch in Git is a way to keep developing and coding a new feature or modification to the software
and still not affecting the main part of the project. We can also say that branches create another line
of development in the project.

#. .gitignore file
- Git ignore files is a file that can be any file or a folder that contains all the files that we want 
to ignore. The developers ignore files that are not necessary to execute the project.

#. What is nvm and npm?
- nvm Node version manager is a command line interface to install different versions of nodejs in your 
machine. And npm is a CLI for managing your node modules like Creating a package etc.

#. git clone
- git clone is a Git command line utility which is used to target an existing repository and create a 
clone or copy of the target repository.

#. git checkout branch_name
- This will create a local branch with the name branch_name. Then you can switch your branch to this 
by git checkout branch_name.

#. git reset --soft
- The easiest way to undo the last Git commit is to execute the git reset command with the –soft 
option that will preserve changes done to your files. 

#. git reset --hard
- The –hard option is used in order to reset the files of the index and of the working directory. 
Using –hard you will be left with the untracked files of your working directory.
